Update docs Installation.md for 0.4.0 (#923)
OWASP/Nettacker: docs/Installation.md

apt-get install -y python3 python3-dev python3-pip
pip3 install --upgrade pip3
```

Starting from version 0.4.0 Nettacker is now using Poetry Package Manager and can be installed directly from PyPI.

```
python3 -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate
pip3 install nettacker
nettacker --help
```

> PLEASE NOTE: Python version 3.10.15 or higher is required to run Nettacker.  You can check the version of Python3 installed by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PLEASE NOTE: Python version 3.10 or higher is required to run Nettacker.  You can check the version of Python3 installed by running:
```

```
python3 -V
```

> If you have Python v3.10.15 or higher you should be able to run OWASP Nettacker via command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Python 3.10 or higher you should be able to run OWASP Nettacker via command:
```
